Clarify that we mark as outliers because we don't have any state for them (#12345)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/development/room-dag-concepts.md

> Outliers typically arise when we fetch the auth chain or state for a given
> event. When that happens, we just grab the events in the state/auth chain,
> without calculating the state at those events, or backfilling their
> `prev_events`. Since we don't have the state at any events fetched in that
> way, we mark them as outliers.

Author: Alternative:

```suggestion
Outliers typically arise when we fetch the auth chain or state for a given
event. When that happens, we mark all of those claimed auth events that we
don't already have as outliers because we haven't done the state calculation
ourself, or backfilled their `prev_events`.
```
